Feel it cutting into me, the doubting painful knife
Feel it deepening the rift, finally hit just right
Couldn't take the love I had, so weak and burning low
But it grew into a weapon only hurting me, this I know
Is nonfiction

So good with numbers, science, math I like
But I'm terrible at English so I despise
This part of me that wants a simple right or wrong
And I feel that everything I choose will always be false

And today this homework about me
A blank sheet
Accomplished
Content with this life I will now live
'Til I think why are we
Just sometimes no always
Saying how we're sad and
Saying how we're lonely?

Can you even read the blackboard written clear as can be?
Can you even read his mind? See that kid's lost fantasy?
Can you even find the one who dyed his red heart to black?
Hey, who could it be? Hey, someone tell me!

Can you even solve the question with your abacus yet?
Can you even stop the rope from hanging him by his neck?
Did we really choose it right saying we're okay this way?
Hey, just tell me how, it's not like I care now

Counting days like numbers, they all pass their prime
And again hypnotically swimming through time
Behind the power and guards I put up
I hide knowing they had long died

From problems, my resolve
Just can't solve that homework
Accomplished
Content with this life I will now live
'Til I think and he speaks
That demon inside us
Saying, "Let me just leave"
Saying, "Someone kill me!"

Can you even read the blackboard written clear as can be?
Can you even read his mind? See that kid's lost fantasy?
Can you even find the one who dyed his red heart to black?
Hey, who could it be? Hey, someone tell me!

Can you even solve the question with your abacus yet?
Can you even stop the rope from hanging him by his neck?
Did we really choose it right saying we're okay this way?
Hey, just tell me how! Hey, just tell me how!

Can you even say the formula of area now?
Can you even scream the dreams you swore would never go out?
Who was the one who let my hopes just curl up and die?
Hey, who could it be? No, it's gotta be

Just open up your eyes, why don't you grow up and see?
But what the hell is growing up and tell me when will I be?
Can a single person out there, just explain it to me?
Hey, just tell me how! It's not like I care now!